hello and welcome to our origami code
face video the goat face is an easy to
make origami that starts with an origami
bird base take the bird base and on the
upper flap cut lengthwise halfway down
then the lower flap at the top you want
to fold straight down as we're showing
here next you'll take one half of the
upper flap where you just cut and fold
it out to the side like this
now repeat that on the other side now
we're going to go back to the first flap
and fold it back the other way
like this now repeat that on the other
side
next we'll fold up the two bottom flags
so first on the left side just fold
straight up like this now repeat that on
the right side
I will fold each of those pieces down
and out like this
now the other side
I'll flip the piece over now we need to
make the beard for the coat so what
you'll do is grab your scissors and at
the bottom point we're going to make a
series of thin partial cuts like this
and once that's done spread out the
pieces of the beard
then the last step is to fold over the
top point of the head as we shown here
and there you have it origami goat face
is complete enjoy